# FarsNezam
Self-service portal for FCEO members: FCEO is Fars province Construction Engineering Organization and all of the engineers how work as a part of construction related issues should become the member of FCEO organization in order to have permission to work.
Self-service portal for FCEO is a web-based application including portals for members and different organization which should be work with this application. This application provides FCEO members to enrol, submit their requests for getting certificates, register in related courses and seminars, submit and access to details of their constructional projects, doing online payment. Customized workflow is stimulated and designed to enabled Organization follow and confirm different procedures and issue various certificates by utilizing windows-based application
This Project Followed Agile Methodology with scrum meeting Involved in complete Life Cycle including Analysis, Design, Development. Developed Interface layer and Business logic layer and Data Access layer in N-Tier architecture with C# and ADO.NET. Developed queries, stored procedures, functions and database objects in SQL Server. Using Asp.net, C#, JavaScript, User Control, Custom control, SqlServer2014, Applied OOP’s concepts
A web-based task referrals software for FCEO : web-based application for allocating construction task to Engineers using Decision tree algorithm.
This project is an open-source that can use by other branches of Construction Engineering organizations without any charge.
